Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
[eerie music]
[music intensifies]
[overlapping chatter]
-Hey. you look nice.
-[Woman 6] Thanks. so do you.
I'm excited for tomorrow night.
We're finally going to meet.
-Yeah. I know.
Well. I'm all packed up.
Gonna leave in the mornin'.
fly down there
and meet you in that
cool-looking little absinthe bar
that you suggested.
[electricity crackling]
[liquor pours]
[matchstick ignites]
[flame intensifies]
[sizzling]
[liquid pouring]
[ice drops]
[clanking]
-There you go. sweetheart.
-Thank you. ma'am.
[Eric gulps]
-Are you okay. lonely stranger?
You look a little down.
-Tell you ladies the truth...
I was supposed to meet a girl
named Elizabeth in here.
but looks like she stood me up.
-In my opinion if she's
gonna be that flaky
you're better off finding out
before you even meet her.
-To Elizabeth.
[chuckles]
[both gulping]
-Ah. Woo.
[chuckles]
[soft chuckle]
-What are you drinkin'?
-It's absinthe.
I just like to mix it
with other stuff.
Keeps things interesting.
-[scoffs]
-[Joan giggles]
[cork squeaks]
[liquor pouring]
This one's on me.
Hmm.
[glasses clink]
-Since you're here.
you might as well drink absinthe
until you see the Green Fairy.
-What Green Fairy?
-In the past.
absinthe was outlawed
and blamed for the immoral
behavior of society.
It's said that vivid
hallucinations of a Green Fairy
would appear to the man
drinking it.
and she would seduce him
into ungodly mischief.
[Eric laughing. echoing]
-[Eric] To ungodly mischief.
and here's to Green Fairies.
[laughing]
-To fairies.
-[laughing]
-Woohoo! To fairies!
[groans]
[sighs]
[whimsical music]
-You're not real.
-[echoes] Can you see me?
- Yeah.
But I drank too much absinthe.
And now I'm hallucinating.
A Green Fairy.
[fairy chuckles]
The fairy just looks like you
'cause I've been thinking
about you all fucking night.
How I flew all the way across
the country just to meet you
and you stood me up.
-No.
-[Eric] Yeah.
-No. I didn't stand you up.
-Ya did.
-[Elizabeth]
I said I would meet you here.
and [echoes] here I am.
here I am. here I am.
-This is a fucking weird
hallucination.
-[echoes] I think this night's
gonna get good. baby doll.
-You're inside my brain.
You're not real.
-Well. if you want me
to prove you're not crazy.
come outside the bar
and meet me across the street
in the alley.
And you can do whatever you want
to me just like I promised.
-At this point...
[gulps]
it seems like I should get back
to my hotel.
-[echoes] Perfectly genius.
[magical whoosh]
[sighs]
[gentle music]
-Well. I guess this
Green Fairy myth is real.
-Most myths are real.
Otherwise. why would people
keep talking about them?
-No. ladies.
myths are allegories.
They're not physical.
-This should cover it.
-I should. uh. go home
while I still can.
[coughs] Night. ladies.
[Eric exhales]
[door opens]
-This allegory isn't real...
isn't real...isn't real. [echos]
[dramatic strings]
-Jesus.
[groans]
[suspenseful music]
[indistinct mumble]
[whoosh]
[Eric groaning]
[woman cackling]
[dramatic whoosh]
[blood squelching]
-[Elizabeth] [echoes]
Eric. Eric.
-[Eric] What the fuck.
[suspenseful music]
[Eric groans]
-[Elizabeth] Eric?
-Yeah.
[suspenseful music intensifies]
What the fuck?!
[dramatic whoosh]
[Eric groaning]
[Elizabeth shrieks]
[Eric grunts]
-See? I told you I'd be here.
-[Eric] No. no.
-[hisses]
-[indistinct mumbling]
[Eric screaming]
[wet crunch]
[screaming]
[Elizabeth exhales deeply]
[blood dripping]
[screams]
[flesh squelching]
[Eric screaming]
[blood trickles]
["Ain't No Grave" by Anna Calvi]
♪ There ain't no grave ♪
♪ Can hold my body down ♪
♪ There ain't no grave
♪ Ooh-ooh. ooh ♪
♪ When I hear
That trumpet sound ♪
♪ Gonna rise right out
Of the ground ♪
♪ I see a band of angels ♪
♪ They're coming after me ♪
♪ There ain't no grave ♪
♪  Can hold my body down ♪
♪ Can hold my body down ♪
♪ The light falls
Through the air ♪
Love falls through the air ♪
♪ The light falls ♪
♪ Through the air ♪
♪ Light falls ♪
♪ Light falls through the air  ♪
♪ I see a band of angels ♪
♪ They're coming after me ♪
♪ Well. look down
Yonder Gabriel ♪
♪ And put your feet in the sea ♪
[screams. echoes]
-[whispers] I wanna see you.
[tense music builds up]
[gasps] [panting]
[mellow trumpet melody]
[sighs deeply]
[sighs]
[water flowing. dripping]
-[Cora VO] I'm a soldier.
I'm a former killer.
a former mercenary.
Everyone I knew
was left in the blood
in the five recent
and forgotten wars.
I left the best parts
of myself in the ashes.
I'd been recruited
by an organization
that fit my skillset.
Now I only hunt the damned.
where I forget the faces
of the countless lives
I've taken.
[pensive music]
-[spitting] Good God.
How does Joan drink this
absinthe and blood mix?
Ugh!
-[Elizabeth] Why are you even
trying to drink it?
You know she gets drunk
like a human.
-You like to bathe in blood
and Joan is down
in the catacombs
buried in earth. drunk.
sleeping with the spiders
and the snails and the slugs.
[chuckling]
-[Joan]
I don't do any of that shit.
I drink clean blood.
and I sleep
in a clean velvet coffin.
We've been here
a 100 years.
-So nice.
-Are you tracking my location?
-[Alexis] Yes.
You're close to the target.
Think of puppy dogs
and ice cream.
whatever makes you happy.
childhood memories.
We don't want them
getting inside your mind.
-Got it.
-[Alexis] No more talking
till you get back.
-Okay. bye for now.
-[Alexis] Bye.
[pensive music]
[music builds up. fades]
-[Elizabeth] It's time we stop
in-person hunting.
The remote online hunting
has been going so well.
We can give
the locals a break.
- Won't only hunting online
and dating apps
be even more trackable?
- Everything is being tracked
in this day and age.
But AI doesn't appear to be able
to calculate our existence
as a realistic possibility.
The odds of us actually
being here
go against the algorithms.
Chuck. what are you waiting for?
Make me feel good!
You're just sitting there
like you're waiting for a train.
-Train?
No. I never travel by trains.
They're dangerous.
They derail--
-Get on with it!
-[hanging women giggling]
[scissor clanks]
- Temptation is like the devil.
-[chuckles] I like it.
It's okay.
Do it to me.
-[Chuck] Hmm.
[scissor clanks]
[foreboding music]
[Chuck strains]
[blood splattering]
[Helena chuckles. gasps]
[woman moaning]
Bye-bye.
-[Raver Jennifer grunts]
-[blood splatters]
-[Raver Louanne]
Don't forget about me.
-For you. Elizabeth.
For you.
-[scissor clanks]
-[blood splatters]
-[giggles] Ugh...
I need a cup of that.
[blood flowing]
-Jesus.
[sinister music]
[sighs] Happy thoughts.
happy thoughts.
God. what was love like
before the war?
[sighs] Not helping.
- I wanna kiss you.
[bridge creaking]
[door closes]
Elizabeth Bathory.
she was a countess
that didn't need
to fight at all.
She never went into battle.
She was just draining hundreds
of young maidens of their blood
in her castle.
Now other historical figures
have been held up
as the inspiration for
fictional vampires and witches.
and what have you.
but not Elizabeth.
She is thought to have
the highest death count
of any serial killer in history.
-And that defines her
as a serial killer because...?
- Well. she wasn't going
into battle defending her lands
or even going
after other royalty.
I mean. her ambition
was just to kill
as many young women as possible
and bathe in their blood
for no explicable reason.
And if that's not
a serial killer.
I don't know what is.
-So she was always a vampire?
- She is thought
to be one of the oldest
and most cunning of her breed.
Most people think she died back
in 1614.
but Cora. you found her.
-I'm supposed to chat
with her tomorrow night.
and I'm a little nervous.
to be honest.
I'm a soldier. not a spy.
What more information
do we need?
I bullseyed her location.
recorded her bathing in blood.
- We don't know how many
we're dealing with
or the full layout
of their lair.
There could be an army
of these beasts stretching down
to a palace beneath the earth.
You're gonna have
to continue as planned
and make your call
with her tomorrow night.
That'll buy us time
to figure out
how to destroy these beasts.
[Cora sighs]
-This is stupid.
I found Elizabeth
and we're not gonna do anything.
-We're making a lot of progress.
-[sighs] Fine.
I'll keep flirting
with the devil.
Going to bed.
[mellow trumpet melody]
[Cora sighs]
[bottle clanks]
-[sighs]
Luke. you've got to stop
bothering Jennifer and the staff
about your damn divorce.
It's been going on
for like six months.
-I'm not bothering her.
She's my friend.
-Yeah. well. you're bothering me
and you're my friend.
-It's true. buddy.
Nobody wants to hear about
your divorce every day at work.
Maybe it's time for a therapist.
because I'm running out
of options here.
-You don't know what it's like.
Aretha turned on me.
She took my house. my kids.
She's trying to take everything
from me.
including my fucking sanity.
-I'm aware of all that.
I get it.
and I agree with you.
But as your lawyer.
I've got to advise you
to just shut up now.
-All right.
What about the girls
you've been chatting with. huh?
-Yes.
-[Malcolm] Huh?
And don't you have a video call
with one today?
-Do I look like I'm ready
for a video call?
-Well. get ready.
'cause you're doin' it.
Otherwise. the way I see it.
my friend's a dead man.
-[sipping]
-Now let's see what we got.
[Luke sighs]
Jesus.
The way these girls set up
their profiles
on these dating apps
is incredible.
-[exhales]
- These three women are trying
to convince us to meet them
at the same absinthe lounge
in Savannah this weekend.
They're all with the same
modeling agency.
- I mean. the disinternet
advertising is off the charts.
-[Randall] Mm-hmm.
Look at this.
It's legitimate.
And it's one of the oldest
absinthe bars in the country.
-I don't know.
It sounds like they're
a bunch of rich girls.
And that Joan chick
is really landed on strong.
She wants me to come out there.
-That's great.
You start listening to Joan.
It's a good thing.
Stop listening
to your ex-wife.
-Thank you.
-I just got an idea.
-Uh-oh.
-[Randall] You ready?
What if I agreed
to meet Elizabeth on Saturday.
and you both agreed
to meet the other two?
I mean. we deserve a break.
right?
- Oh. shit.
I'm supposed to video chat
with Joan in two minutes.
-Great. don't be late.
-I don't think I can do it.
-You got this.
-[Malcolm] You're
a handsome man. be charming.
[whistling. sips]
[Randall gulps]
-Let's hope she's a no-show.
[laptop beeps]
- Well. hey there. stranger.
You look nice.
-Thanks. Joan.
You look...amazin'.
-[giggles]
- So you really want me
to fly all the way out there
for a date?
- What?
You don't think I'm worth it?
-No. I didn't mean like that.
I was just...
just hoping that you would
be willing to fly to me.
That's all.
-Well. if we're gonna meet
in person.
one of us is gonna have
to travel.
-Yeah.
-You need a vacation.
You know we've been chatting
for days
and you keep going on and on
about all of your new investors.
then even if it's good.
sounds stressful.
- Maybe I do need a vacation.
How about this weekend?
-Oh. this weekend
would be perfect.
It's a masquerade this Saturday.
and we could see each other
for the first time in costume.
-Costumes and masquerades.
-Be fun and romantic.
-I'll be there.
-Perfect.
Call when you're here.
-Okay. babe.
-Toodle-oo.
[Luke sighs]
-I'm proud of you.
-I am proud of you.
-[Malcolm laughing]
Salud .
- Salud .
[glasses clink]
[corn rattling]
-[groans]
[inhales. exhales]
-Have some wine. and relax.
[corn popping]
Happy thoughts.
You look perfectly innocent.
-I'm an assassin.
[glass thuds]
I'm sitting here in this pink.
whatever this is.
I'm not right for this
part of the job.
I don't want a fuckin'
stuffed animal
and a bowl of popcorn.
I want an AK
and a wooden stake.
-Happy thoughts. relax.
-What are happy thoughts?
You can't be serious when you
say puppy dogs and ice cream.
Is it a code?
-Yeah. sure. it's code
for whatever makes you happy.
The geo spoofing appears
to be working on her perfectly.
I changed your IP address
so she thinks
you're two states away
instead of two miles.
-Great.
I have a chat with her
in approximately one minute.
-And you're gonna be great.
Just go to your little
inside utopia.
-Go fuck yourself.
[laptop ringing]
[sighs]
-[keyboard clacks]
-[clears throat]
- Hey.
- Hey. you look nice.
Are you on the beach
in your underwear?
-It's a really nice night
and it's hot.
There's a private stretch
of beach here
where no one ever goes at night.
so I just come down here
and hang out.
- That sounds great.
I wish I lived near
a private beach
where I could hang out.
drink wine at night
in my underwear.
and still have internet service.
-[chuckles] You look cute.
What are you up to?
- I don't feel cute.
-Well come next weekend. then.
-A trip next weekend
sounds amazing.
-We can hang out.
I can show you around town.
Would you like me
to fly you here
and get you your own hotel room?
-[soft chuckle]
That sounds amazing.
-I'll book your trip right now
and email you
all the information.
-Thank you so much.
-I can't wait to get you here
in person so I can kiss you.
-Me too.
-[Elizabeth] I'll book your trip
right now and call you back.
-Cheers.
[sighs]
[foreboding music]
-[growls]
-[wet crunch]
[Helena laughing]
-Tell me you want me.
-[laughs]
[panicked splashing
and muffled screams]
[Sam sobbing]
-Tell me you love me.
-I love--I love--
[gurgling]
-Waah! [laughs]
-[woman screams]
[laughs]
-[Helena] Tell me you want me.
[Sam sobs]
Tell me you want me!
[echoes] Are you afraid?
Tell me you love me.
-[sobs] I--I--
-[growls]
-[wet crunch]
[Helena gulping]
[growls softly]
-[Sam sobs]
-[blood splatters]
-[head thuds]
-[Chuck] Hah.
-Chuck!
-Well...
-You got blood all over
my fancy new beach background!
-Hah. Agh.
[blood gurgling]
-I'm excited for our date.
-[Alexis] You did great.
-What?
- I said you did great!
-[sighs]
-You know. happy thoughts.
-Only helpful if you have any.
Why is it so important?
-Hmm.
So that demons don't get
inside your head
and make you axe murder us
both in the night?
Did you feel dizzy or lose
your sense of time and space?
-No. I'm fine.
Anyway. we should focus.
-Yes. back to destroying
Elizabeth.
You have combat experience.
but these things are not human.
They'll shred your brain
in your sleep
and make you slit
your own throat.
Albert wants us
to get more information.
and you're going to go back
and gather it.
-Okay. Miss Intelligence.
Send me back
into the vampire lair alone
and to their bar during
a masquerade party
so I can get myself killed
and my soul sucked out
of my ears
while I gather intel
we already have.
That's what you guys want.
-Mm-hmm.
-[Cora] I was dating the devil
as a soldier following orders.
But why did I like it?
Was it the anticipation
of a warm redemption
that I presumed I would feel
when I drove a stake
through her heart?
[laughter]
-[Masked Woman] Take a selfie.
Jocelyn. take a selfie.
[Jocelyn screams]
[glass shatters]
[laughing]
[chuckling]
-It's true.
I can see the Green Fairy.
[tense music]
["Bela Lugosi Is Dead"
performed by Bauhaus]
♪ White on white translucent
Black capes ♪
♪ Back on the rack ♪
[performer gasps]
♪ Bela Lugosi's dead ♪
♪ The bats have left
The bell tower ♪
♪ The victims have been bled ♪
♪ Red velvet lines
The black box ♪
[liquor pouring]
♪ Bela Lugosi's dead ♪
[blowing]
-[Chuck] What may I get for you.
darling?
-A glass of absinthe.
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ Undead. undead. undead ♪
[liquor pouring]
♪ The virginal brides
File past his... ♪
-[Chuck]
Your absinthe is ready.
♪ Strewn with time's
Dead flowers ♪
♪ Bereft in deathly bloom ♪
♪ Alone in a darkened room.
The count ♪
-[Helena] Hi.
-Hi.
-You look good.
-So do you.
-You clearly see the girl
at the end of the bar
with the skull mask in all red?
-Yummy.
-No.
She's heavily armed.
She's a hunter or something.
-She is a hunter.
And I'm scheduled to kill her
this weekend.
-I think you should
kill her now.
-I'll kill her
when she's invited me to.
We don't want
to attract attention
and bring more of them.
-Okay.
but what about the guys?
Our lover boys from out of town
will be arriving
in about an hour.
-Just text them to meet us
at Club Silver Paradise.
You stay here
and keep the party going.
The hunter won't
notice anything.
[veins crackle]
She'll just leave
when the party's over
and I'll bring the guys
back here after hours.
[music continues]
[footfalls]
[door lock clanks]
[door creaks]
[stairs creaking]
[unsettling music]
[soft footfalls]
[blood dripping]
-Mmm. Mmm.
What are you doing?
It feels so good in the earth.
[crunching] Mmm.
I'm tired.
I don't want to move.
-Well. you're going
to stay tired forever
if you just lay half-buried
in the dirt. eating bugs.
You need to get back
on your diet.
[Joan gulps]
Look at me.
Our guys are coming
into town tonight.
-Already?
-Mm-hmm.
-Oh. I'm...
[crunches] Mm.
Okay. Help me get ready.
[dramatic music]
[gentle music]
-[Cora VO] My superior officer
Alexis
was emotionally scattered.
not ready for the nightmare
that was to come.
What in God's name
are you doing?
[Alexis groans]
I thought you were
the intelligence.
- I am adding a new skill
to my arsenal
for my dating profile.
-[Cora] So you send me back
to the lair
and then just start doing your
crazy online courtship rituals
and leisurely working out.
-Staying fit is my job.
-That's supposed
to be my job. too.
But I keep getting sent back
into the demon lair
to get drunk.
told to have happy thoughts
and to have romantic video chats
with the devil.
-[Cora] I liked her.
but people close to me get hurt.
I was good at violence.
and there was a violent job
to be done.
Focus on your upper body
and breathe.
Punching like you're angry
at something.
-[sobs]
-What has gotten into you?
-I got dumped by the Frenchman.
I don't know.
maybe you're right.
There was just
so much pressure.
You left on one
of my dating apps
and I made six dates
all for tonight.
thinking they would cancel.
but then none of them canceled
and I freaked out
and I canceled all of them.
And I feel like my head
is swollen.
- I'm putting my life
on the line
and you're in here having
emotional breakdowns
about dating?
-Well. it's all
because of the lunar eclipse.
-The eclipse is tomorrow.
[Joan chuckles]
-[Joan] I just want to touch up
your lips and your eyeliner
without messing up
your rhinestones.
I've done your makeup
so many times.
I thought you were me.
I forgot what I looked like.
How come we can see ourselves
with their modern
digital technology?
There were no reflections
in mirrors and water
in what felt like forever.
Then with modern
digital cameras.
it captures our image
like we're humans.
Why is that?
-Because AI and digital cameras
are in league with the devil.
And so are we.
-Hmm. Well. if we're in league
with the devil.
then where is he?
I never met him.
-Listen. there's
a hunter upstairs.
-Ugh. Why do you two care?
- Well. in theory.
hunters know how to destroy us.
-Well. at this point.
would that even matter?
Aren't we gonna be destroyed
when humans turn the planet
into a seared bowl
of ash anyway?
-Well. they might just crash
their own population.
and then we wouldn't
be destroyed.
Things would just start
to get normal again.
-Oh. so what's your plan?
You're just gonna keep hiding
in the dark
and killing humans indefinitely?
-Yes. that's our only option.
Being destroyed
would be even worse.
We could be trapped
as ash forever
and then blow away in the wind
and get caught in the sunlight
and create rainbows.
-Mm.
-Some of us have been turned
to statues or beach foam.
I even heard of this one girl
who was turned into a painting.
-Still doesn't sound worse
than this.
-Well. we wouldn't be together.
We wouldn't be able to do
each other's makeup.
-I love you.
You'd make a pretty painting.
Let me paint you.
-[sighs] Let's just go get
these guys first. okay?
-Okay.
[Joan screaming. laughing]
[Joan] Whoo! Whoo!
[Elizabeth cackling]
[upbeat music]
[Joan] Whooh!
Whooh!
[car engine revving]
-[Elizabeth] Yeah!
-Damn it! God!
Would you just drive fast
but smoothly. Elizabeth?
[chuckles] This is good.
fresh blood and absinthe.
Would you stop
with the swerving?
-I'm driving the same way
that I always drive.
[car engine revs]
-Get these guys.
gonna get their hearts racing.
and thin their blood
with absinthe. and then. boom!
It's gonna be great. [laughs]
Oh. I feel tingly all over
just thinking about it.
Oh. I'm gonna kill
somebody so good for you.
It's gonna be a show.
[shrieks]
Do you wanna have sex?
-Joan. I don't get you.
Not even about sex.
-Well. no.
we're about living forever
and drinking people's blood.
-I just don't understand
some of your human-like urges.
[car engine revving]
-Run these motherfuckers over.
-[Man] Yeah.
you just told me about him.
-Smash into
these lovey-dovey cutie pies.
-[Man] [indistinct].
[blood splattering]
-[car tire screeches]
-Ahh. It's beautiful.
It's like a drive thru.
-[Joan giggles]
-[Elizabeth] Bye-bye.
-Agh.
-That was refreshing.
It wasn't exactly
what I had in mind.
I thought they were just
gonna go underneath the car.
Didn't realize they were gonna
splatter all over us
like a typhoon.
-[chuckles]
-We gotta go back home and
get dressed up all over again.
-No. we can go
to the club like this.
People are stupid.
they're never gonna think
that we're actually covered
in human blood.
-Now we look worse
than a Jackson Pollock painting.
-[Elizabeth] Mm.
-[Joan] Mm.
[party music]
-Yeah!
[party goers screaming]
[cork squeaks]
-[Randall] Good shit. man.
- [glasses clinks]
You're only going to get
a little fucked up.
It's a little bit of
a hallucinogenic kind of trip.
[up-tempo. party music]
-Hey. is it possible
that we flew all the way
down here just to get stood up?
These girls are an hour late.
man. after switching venues.
-They'll be here. man.
It's all good.
-All right.
[glasses clank]
-[Elizabeth]
We're gonna get ready again
and go pick up these three guys.
remember?
-[Joan] Okay. Well.
after we kill these three guys.
would you sleep
with me in my coffin today?
-I'll do it if you just focus
on our date first.
[soft. eerie music]
[upbeat music]
[plate shatters]
-Whooh.
[indistinct chatter]
[magical strings]
-Come on in. ladies.
[upbeat music]
[crowd screaming with joy]
-[DJ] Whoo!
[party popper fired]
[glass clank]
-Hey. you want me to buy you
a drink or something?
-No.
I want you to go home
and hang yourself
with a thick extension cord.
-[Larry] Come on now.
-Do [echoes] as I say.
as I say.
-Okay. That's a good idea.
-I'm not in a club.
What are you talking about?
-[Randall]
Who the hell you talking to?
[phone keys clacking]
-[Party Woman] Yeah.
[phone beeps]
[Luke groans]
-Are you fucking kidding me?
You're not getting your
phone back or your ex-wife.
Get your shit together. man.
-I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
She's fuckin' killin' me.
-You never have
to apologize to me.
-You know that.
-All right.
-I love you.
Just take a sip and focus.
-Okay. Cheers. Cheers.
-Cheers.
-Okay. got it.
-Bingo.
All three of them
sitting together.
-Modern and oily.
Just how you like them.
[gulps]
-Well. don't just stand
there staring at me.
Let's go dance next
to their table.
They'll invite us to sit down.
-The sad one. Luke.
I think I want to make him happy
before we kill him
and drink his blood.
-What for?
-I just want to be close to him
and accelerate his pulse.
Makes the blood gush out
quicker anyway.
-You can't turn back
into a human.
You know. you're drinking liquor
and wanting sex.
It's totally fucked up.
-Don't worry about me.
Let's just go dance near them.
like you said.
["A Girl Like You"
performed by Edwyn Collins]
♪ I've never known a girl
Like you before ♪
♪ Now just like in a song
From days of yore ♪
♪ Here you come knocking.
Knocking on my... ♪
-Whoa!
-What?
-I--is that them?
♪ Well. I've never met a girl
Like you before ♪
-Oh.
-Game time.
I told you.
♪ ♪ ♪
[Randall] We're in business.
boys.
-Wait. wait.
Come on. man.
Go easy. man.
Go easy.
♪ ♪ ♪
Oh.
-Hello. ladies.
How are you?
-[laughs]
- Mm.
Do you want to hear
my crazy fetish?
-Yeah. well. I don't know.
How crazy is it?
-I just love
when guys invite me places.
Sit at tables. have a drink.
go outside and hug. anything.
-Right.
That sounds more like a joke
than a fetish.
but I'll be happy for you guys
to come to the table with us.
Come on.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
-Look alive. boys!
-[Malcolm] Hey!
-Wow. that is Joan.
-[Malcolm] Oh. wow.
-[Malcolm] Wow.
-Oh. wow.
-[Joan] Hmm.
-Well. are you guys going
to invite us to sit down?
-Yes. By all means. please.
Sit down.
Have a drink.
-[Malcolm] Oh. oh. Yeah.
[party popper firing]
-[giggling]
-Party.
[giggling]
-[Randall] Yeah.
[laughter]
-You guys are so beautiful.
So much more beautiful
in person.
Look at you.
-There you go.
-Come on. get off.
So classy.
-You're so perceptive.
You can tell
we're classy already?
-Absolutely.
-What--what about Helena?
Is Helena around here.
somewhere?
-[Randall] We'll meet her later.
-[whispers] Let's go.
-Yes. of course.
but she's not in this club.
-[Luke]
Let's go. let's go.
-[Randall]
What's happenin' here?
-She said. let's go. let's go.
-Yes. buddy.
-What does that mean?
-It's your night.
-[Luke] Oh. God.
-Go get 'em. tiger.
[Joan giggles]
-[Joan] Take me somewhere.
-Where?
-Your heaven. your hell.
Either would be paradise to me.
-Joan.
Got a lot on my mind.
-Sshh. I already know.
Put your hands on me. Luke.
Do you want me?
I want you.
- Cora. what did you see
when you went back to the bar?
-Well. they're still there.
The bar is their lair.
and I don't know how to find out
any more information on my own
without getting myself killed.
I highly recommend
a strike team.
and we hit 'em
in broad daylight.
-Historically. we have a better
chance of vanquishing them
if we strike
during the lunar eclipse.
-The eclipse would just make
the night darker.
We should do it
in the middle of the day.
- I can be there myself
with two of the guards
that I have here on site.
but not until the day
after tomorrow.
which would actually
get me there the morning
after the eclipse.
It's gonna have to
be the five of us.
We're gonna have
to vanquish them ourselves.
-Great.
We do it
in the middle of the day.
-[Albert] Yes.
-Perfect. We'll just burst
in there at high noon
and light the place on fire.
-Great.
- Okay. Cora. yeah.
But you just remember
we're up against vampires.
It's nothing like a firefight
with human beings.
You have to think happy thoughts
to keep them out of your head.
If they seize control
of our brains.
we could burst in there
and start shooting each other.
Are you having dizzy spells
or seeing anything weird?
-Am I seeing anything weird?
The weirdest thing
I've ever seen
is Elizabeth having people
decapitated
and then bathing in their blood.
Other than that.
nothing unusual.
No dizzy spells. depression.
or suicidal thoughts.
- Okay. well. I'll be there
as fast as possible.
but. um. caution. ladies.
-Sorry about my dating freakout.
I don't know what came over me.
This lifestyle is hard.
-Tell me about it.
[Cora sighs]
-[upbeat music]
-[DJ Facestomp screaming]
-Oh. my God.
You smell good.
Oh.
-Joan and Luke
have been gone too long.
This place is about to get rowdy
and then close.
Let's take this bottle
of absinthe for the car ride
and then we can cruise
to the other side of town.
-You wanna all the way.
huh?
-[chuckles]
Let's go see the others.
-Okay.
-[Joan giggles]
[Luke groans]
[eerie music]
-[Joan] Hey!
-[Joan hissing. growling]
-[mirror shattering]
-[Elizabeth] No suicidal
thoughts or depression?
-No.
-Dizziness?
Are you sure I'm not getting
inside your head. killer?
-No.
-[Alexis] What?
-What?
I don't know.
I'm drunk and messing
with a nest of vampires
and you're just working out
and dating
like you're at some kind
of retreat or something.
I'm going to bed.
-Helena wants us to meet her
at the absinthe bar.
-[Malcolm] Excellent.
That's perfect.
Yes.
-[Randall] Hey. How are you?
-Oh man. couldn't be better.
Listen. there was a mirror.
-[Randall] A mirror? Why?
You need to see the mirror
or what?
-No. I--it was--I seen...
-[Cora VO] They kept telling me
to have happy thoughts.
It was better
to let the cold sink in
and find the balance
in the nausea
and the night sweats.
All the smiley. happy people
I knew were in heaven.
where there was no pain
or consequences.
[car engine rumbling]
[screaming. whooing]
-[Randall]
This shit's incredible.
-[Malcol] Hey. hey.
Right there. Right there.
[laughter]
Drink some of this shit.
-[Malcolm] Cheer up. bro.
Come on. man.
[Joan screaming. laughing]
-[Luke] Oh. be careful.
-What are you doing?
-Oh. you worry too much.
-[Joan screams]
-[Randall] Tell me. Luke.
I got you.
[Joan screams]
-Whoa. whoa.
Go easy. man.
Oh guys. guys. absinthe burns.
you guys should light
each other on fire.
It'll go viral.
-Absinthe's very flammable.
that could hurt us.
-I've been on fire before.
haven't you?
Faster. faster!
-[Randall]
Well. no. it won't.
-[Joan] Guys. light me on fire.
-[Luke] It's not a good idea.
Come on--
-Let me have some fire.
-[Malcolm] Yeah. yeah. yeah.
come on.
-[spitting]
-Whoa. whoa. whoa!
-[screams. laughs]
-Come on. man.
That's some white people shit.
-[Malcolm] Why would you light
a drunk girl on fire?
-What the fuck are you doing?
[Joan screaming]
[Joan grunting]
[tires screech]
-[Randall] Jesus.
-[Malcolm] What?
-[Randall] What the fuck
just happened?
-[Luke] I told you not
to light her on fire. man.
- Look. who do you think's
legally responsible. Luke?
'Cause she was begging me
to do this. all right?
-She was begging me. right?
-[flesh sizzling]
-Joan. are you okay?
[bone crackles]
Eh--
-What's wrong?
Did you want me to be hurt?
-What?
-[laughs]
-[softly] What the fuck.
-Did you get it on camera?
-Yeah. I got the whole thing
on camera.
-I used to be a circus acrobat.
-[Randall] A circus act. man.
I thought you were toast.
[car engine rumbles]
[car engine revving]
[Randall] That's crazy. man.
[Joan laughs]
-Come on. bro.
drink up.
You only live once. right?
-Come on. man.
-[laughing]
-[Joan] Woo!
-[Malcolm] Yeah. Luke!
-[Randall] Come on. baby. Woo.
[car engine revving]
-You know what?
Watch this.
-[Randall]
Yeah. you got it. Luke.
-I'm--I'm gonna show you.
-[Malcolm] Yeah. buddy.
-I'm gonna show you
what this is.
-[Malcolm] You got it.
-I'm gonna take you
to another level.
Who's scared?
-Roll your cameras.
-[Malcolm] You got it. Luke.
-You wanna go on social media?
-[Malcolm]
Ride it. baby!
-[Luke]
You wanna go in the ground?
Watch this.
[Luke groans. screams]
-[wet crunch]
-[Malcolm] Oh.
-[tires screech]
-Fuck!
-[Luke grunts]
See what you've all done.
That's not smart.
He's tangled up under the car.
Smackin' Luke.
-Holy fuck.
We drove right over him.
[Luke grunting]
-He is clearly
a psychological mess.
Let's just forget about him.
-What do you mean forget
about him?
He's right here. he's alive.
-he's not dead.
-[Luke] [weakly] Help.
-I don't think
that we can help him.
-Let's just get out of here.
-What are you--?
-[Luke] [weakly]
I need a--I need a doctor!
-[car tire screeching]
-[blood splattering]
-[Luke screaming]
-He's not dead.
We can save him.
Maybe.
-I'm--I'm calling for help!
-Yes.
-Forget. Sleep.
[soft. whimsical music]
-Elizabeth! Stop!
-[tires screeching.
blood splattering]
-[Luke screaming]
-I think we can help him.
-[tires screeching stops]
-[sighs]
-[Luke] Crazy bitches.
What the fuck is going on?
[Luke grunts]
[Elizabeth scoffs]
[blood splattering]
-Why isn't he dead?
-[Luke] What do you mean?
I'm not dead?
-He's tangled up under the tire
and an axle.
so the whole lower half
of his body
is like one big tourniquet.
He's gonna burst no matter what
when he gets loose.
-Can I turn him?
-What's gotten into you?
You absolutely
cannot turn anyone.
We need to make him pop.
rip him apart.
and tear him out of there.
-What?
[siren wailing]
-You're so fucking messy. Joan.
Getting the guys to literally
light your ass on fire.
that's what triggered
this whole mess.
-I was trying to be dreamy.
Now go do what you do
and let's get out of here.
[Luke groans]
-[Cop Marcus] Ma'am. freeze.
Freeze. ma 'am.
-[Luke] [weakly] Help.
-As you can see.
there's been a little accident.
[weakly]
Hey. sir. I need...he--help.
-Are you ladies prostitutes?
-I'm not a prostitute.
How does a mortally
injured man...
-I need a doctor.
-...screaming under
the front tire of my car
even relate to prostitution.
-Well. you're going
to be charged with a crime.
-Oh.
-I'm just not sure
which one yet.
-I'm not dead.
I need help.
-Point your gun at your partner.
-Okay.
-Yeah. right.
-Put two bullets in his chest
and one in his head.
[gunshots]
[Luke groans]
[body thuds]
-[Elizabeth] Now place the gun
up against your own head.
-Okay.
[suspenseful music]
-Pull the trigger.
-Okay.
-[gunfire]
-[blood splatters]
[flesh sizzles]
-[gulps]
-Please. please.
Where is my phone?
I need to call my wife.
my ex-wife.
-I don't think you need to worry
about calling anyone anymore.
I want to talk to him
about his death experience.
-What? I'm not dead?
-Hey. Luke. You're okay.
-[weakly] No. no.
You know you're really
so much better off than us.
-Oh.
-[Joan] You're going
to another place and...
we're stuck here indefinitely.
-[spits]
-[bullet clanks]
Well. Luke.
do you believe in God?
-Yes.
-What about hell or the devil?
-I don't...
I don't know.
-Do you think you'll go
to heaven?
-Yes. I just came here
looking for love.
- Joan.  what's going on
with you tonight?
-[Luke] I just want
to see my kids.
- Drinking straight liquor.
having sex with him.
and now this?
Let's get on with it.
-I'm not hungry.
[blood splatters]
-Kill him. [growls]
-Angel. angel.
I see green. green angels.
-[Elizabeth] Kill him.
-[Joan shrieks]
-[Luke screams]
[blood splattering]
[Luke gurgling]
[bottle clanks]
[liquor pouring]
[gentle music]
[Elizabeth] Do you like having
such a short. meaningless life?
What do you even think
you can accomplish?
-You're damned.
Your soul is trapped here.
-You're gonna go blank soon.
And I'm just gonna go on
hanging out with my friends.
-[gasps. panting]
You can't do this to me.
Elizabeth.
I won't let you.
-Where the hell is Luke?
-He started whining
about his ex-wife. Aretha.
and then he ran back
to your hotel.
-I know what it was.
I guarantee you.
he'll will be here
tomorrow night.
-Mm...Doubt it.
You should have seen the look
in his eyes when he left.
-Yeah. it was kind of intense.
-I will tell you--
-Whoa. You all right?
[body thuds]
[Randall] Hey.
-[Malcolm] Oh. [laughs]
-You okay there?
-[laughs]
-Why don't I remember
Luke leaving?
'Cause I have a very
high alcohol tolerance.
So it just doesn't
make sense to me.
-[Joan] Maybe it's the jet lag
and the absinthe mixed.
-Whoa! Ho-ho-ho!
-[Elizabeth giggles]
-[Malcolm] Hey. aggressive.
-[Elizabeth] Hmm.
-Elizabeth. can I take  Randall
in the bathroom?
-Sure.
-You two need to share.
I haven't eaten all night.
-Yeah.
Here you go.
Real tiger.
[moaning]
-Ooh. baby.
-Yeah.
[both moaning]
-Beautiful. [groans]
[clattering. thuds]
[groans]
-What's this?
-[zips zipper]
-[Randall] Ah. it's just
Luke's phone.
-No. the picture.
-Oh. it's his ex-wife
and kids.
God. why does he still have that
as his lock screen?
He's torturing himself this guy.
[phone thuds]
Jesus. You all right?
Ah! Ah! Fuck.
[clattering]
-What are you doing?
-What do you mean.
what am I doing?
You just did something to me.
You triggered me to have
a heart attack. didn't you?
-That's superstitious
for a lawyer
with a psychology degree.
I don't believe
that could happen.
-Call 911.
You did something to me.
dammit.
-What. are you scared?
Do you think you're going
to heaven or hell?
-I said call 911.
you psycho bitch!
-Don't fucking talk
to me like that.
-I'm sorry. princess. baby.
Please just call 911. okay?
-Do you think they have laws
in heaven?
I mean. they only have
good people in heaven.
so they don't really need
a lawyer there.
-You're murdering me.
You're fucking murdering me.
-[chuckles] How does it feel?
I mean you've
defended murderers.
Have you ever gotten
a serial killer off?
-What are you talking about?
I'm a lawyer
for a marketing firm.
I studied consumer psychology.
woman.
-Oh. yeah?
[flesh squelch]
Consume this.
-Wait. no! No!
-[Joan] Drink.
Drink.
[Randall moaning]
[screams]
[Joan laughing]
Yeah!
[wet crunch]
[dramatic music]
[hisses]
[Randall groaning]
[blood dripping]
-The sentries have been
very costly.
And I still have
to pay the devil.
[grunting]
[wet crunch]
-Oh. [giggles]
How are you feeling. Malcolm?
Malcolm?
-Oh. yeah. Yeah.
Let me--let me get
a video of you.
You look so cool right now.
[Malcolm screaming]
-[phone sizzles]
-Haa!
[Elizabeth giggling]
-Ra--Randall. do you s--?
Where--where's Randall?
-[laughing]
-I'm here.
You're just drunk. buddy.
-[Malcolm] Oh. come on man.
Did you see what she did
to my phone?
And I think something happened
to Luke. bro.
We got to get out of here.
- Ah. you worry too much.
Chill out. man.
It's all good.
-Stop bouncing around
like a little pony.
Joan. did you turn Randall?
-Well. I mean. he was really
endearing in the bathroom
and it just happened.
[giggles] I know.
[Malcolm groans]
-What were you thinking?
We haven't turned anyone
in hundreds of years.
-I was lonely and depressed
and you wouldn't
let me turn Luke.
He's not Randall anymore.
He's a Ramsey the Devil.
-[Malcolm] No!
[Malcolm screaming]
-[hisses]
-[thuds]
-[Malcolm groans]
-You can't just get drunk
and turn some dude
and say that you made the devil.
Only God can make the devil.
-Now. he's Ramsey the Devil
either way.
[spits]
-And we just let that guy go.
This is getting chaotic.
-He won't go far.
-Ugh. Fucking hurts.
-You stay here
and watch over him
as he finishes turning
into Ramsey the Devil.
-[Joan giggles]
-Okay. I can do that.
-[screaming] Help! Help me!
Help! Somebody!
-[Joan] Slow down.
-[groans]
-Don't you want to have sex
with us?
It's starting
to hurt my feelings.
-[Malcolm groans]
-[Elizabeth] Wait!
We want to help you!
-Help me?
You're changing color
and you set my phone on fire!
-[Joan]
Oh. you're just drunk.
[both cackling]
-[Malcolm] What? What?
Help! Somebody!
[earth being shoveled]
-[Randall] What's going on?
What are you doin'?
You're killing me?
You're burying me alive?
-Don't worry.
you're already not alive.
-I'm not?
What am I then?
-If a thing loves.
it is infinite.
-Huh?
- You're heavy and costly.
and you have a lot of time.
-What?
That doesn't make any sense.
[groans]
-[Malcolm] No!
[sobs] Hey. help!
Help! Somebody!
[bangs on door]
[door knob rattles]
Please! Open the door.
-Help me! Help me!
-[bangs on door]
-[Joan] Do you still want
to have sex with us?
Or do you want us
to end your weird life
before sex instead of after?
-No! [sobs]
-Were you baptized?
-Or circumcised?
-Someone! Help me!
[glass shatters]
-Oh. he's going to be
a tasty treat.
-Why do you want to have sex
all the time?
You can't fall in love.
You're not somebody.
-What. I'm nobody?
We're nothing?
That's it?
-Yeah.
[Malcolm groaning]
- Elizabeth. can you sleep
in the coffin with me today?
-Oh!
-I'm feeling sick and empty.
-What? Joan. look.
We're letting him crawl away.
-[Joan]
You're not listening to me.
-Help! Please!
I won't stay! Ah!
-This just isn't doing anything
for me anymore.
[Malcolm grunting]
-What do you mean?
-It's not getting me off
or turning me on at all.
-Well. do you want
to torture him or something?
-Don't! Please. help me!
-Are we supposed to just keep
doing this forever [echoes]?
-I don't know.
Yeah.
Let's just get this over with.
It's gonna be dawn.
-[muffled]
[both growl]
-[groaning]
-[blood splattering]
-[hisses]
[Malcolm screams]
[pensive music]
[Elizabeth and Joan panting]
[footfalls]
-[Elizabeth] Hurry. Hurry.
[Elizabeth groans]
[Elizabeth gasps]
-What?
-We haven't almost gotten caught
in the dawn in over a century.
[chuckles. panting]
Joan. what are you doing?
Get in here.
Joan.
-I don't feel anything anymore.
-What?
-I want to see the sunrise.
Come with me.
You said we could sleep
in the same coffin together.
-You're being crazy.
-Get in here now.
-[Joan] I'm not crazy.
-Elizabeth--
-[Elizabeth] Get in here.
-Come with me. please.
-[Elizabeth] Joan.
-Please. It'll be so beautiful.
-[Elizabeth] No--
-[indistinct] Come on.
-Don't do this. Joan.
Don't leave me.
-Please.
-[Elizabeth] Joan.
-I'm sorry. I have to.
-[Elizabeth] No. No.
JOAN! JOAN! JOAN!
[Elizabeth] Oh. my God.
[Elizabeth sobbing]
[uplifting music]
[seagull squawk]
[music continues]
[flames crackling]
[seagulls squawking]
-[Joan] I'll go somewhere.
It's so beautiful.
[Joan sobbing]
[Joan groans. echoes]
[wings flapping]
-We put the devil to sleep.
Where is Joan?
The sky is red as fire by now.
-Joan went crazy
and destroyed herself.
-What?
-We made it back to the bar
just as the sun was coming up
and Joan just turned around
and ran off into the daylight.
[ship horn]
[Alexis straining]
-I'm not feeling well.
I'm hungry.
-Let's make a steak
and drink some ice water.
It's going to be a long night.
Albert's not getting here
until tomorrow morning.
-Are you scared of me?
-I feel fucked up.
I need to get a bottle of vodka
to get through this.
then we can have steak.
-[gulping]
[glass clanks]
We're not supposed
to go out tonight.
It's the eclipse.
-I'll be back in five minutes.
-[sighs] The mischief.
[pensive music]
[eerie music]
[soil rustling]
[dramatic music]
[groaning]
[intense music]
Oh. I do feel it.
I'm a devil tonight.
Oh. yeah.
Ramsey the Devil.
it's a perfect night
every night
with Ramsey the Devil.
-Let's do this.
-I'm Ramsey the Devil tonight
and every night.
Whooh! Yeah!
-[laughing]
-Weow! [laughing manically]
[magical firing]
[gentle music]
-[Alexis] Stupid glitching
smart technology.
My phone really wants me
to talk to this guy Ramsey.
[clears throat]
[laptop beeps]
-This is a weird glitch.
-[Ramsey] Hey there.
-You didn't cause it.
did you?
- No. I didn't.
Aren't these apps just designed
to connect people anyway?
-Yeah. I suppose they are.
- Maybe it's a sign.
Or maybe the smart technology
wanted us to meet up.
-Okay. I'm bored enough
to meet you.
I've been in my apartment
for days.
- What about that restaurant
Annabelle's downtown?
They're open late.
-Oh. of course.
I love that place.
- You want to meet me there
in a half hour?
-Perfect.
Can you order for me?
I think I might be
a couple minutes late.
-Of course I can.
I'll see you soon.
[keyboard clacking]
[sighs]
[armor clanking. clattering]
[ethereal music]
[bridge creaks]
[formal chatter]
-Hey.
-[Alexis] Hi. Ramsey.
-Yes. How are you?
-Hey.
-Please. please.
-[clears throat]
Well. this is...
nice and unexpected.
-I know. right?
Yeah. I wasn't even gonna
come out tonight either.
but I'm glad I did.
You look even nicer in person.
-Thank you.
So pizza and absinthe.
those are brave choices.
-It's a brave new world.
[Alexis chuckles]
-Cheers.
[glasses clink]
[Ramsey gulping]
-Ah.
-You have such a pretty smile.
-Oh. Thank you.
So do you.
-I didn't know they
had absinthe here.
- I know. odd. right?
Yeah.
They--they do.
-It's funny.
[footfalls]
[blowing]
-Come on right up.
-Whoa.
-[Man] Goddamnit!
-Come on. you wanna go?
[plate shatters]
-[screams]
-[woman grunts]
-[plate shatters]
[Man with suit groans]
[plate shatters]
Ah!
-Whoa.
-Fuck you.
Everyone's going berserk.
[Old Man screaming]
[stool thuds]
[groans]
[flesh squelching]
-Let's get out of here.
[fork clanks]
[blood splattering]
[Woman and man screaming]
[flesh squelching]
[Woman cackles]
[Man screaming]
[thuds. clattering]
[knife clanks]
-[Ramsey] Whoa.
[groaning]
-[body thuds]
-[knife clanks]
-[blood splattering]
-[Chef screaming]
[dramatic music]
[overlapping grunting]
[man screaming]
[plate shatters]
[chair thuds]
[knife clanking]
[Elizabeth cackling]
[plate shatters]
[footfalls]
[gentle music]
[door closes]
-[Cora] Alexis?
Fuck.
[phone beeping]
[music intensifies]
-I've never seen anything
like that before.
-No. that was pretty extreme.
[chuckles]
-Yeah. that wasn't
just a bar fight.
It erupted too quickly
and with too much energy.
and people were stabbing
each other in the throats
with forks.
-Yeah. it
wasn't just a bar fight.
Nah. you're right.
-Doesn't make any sense.
I mean. I walked out
holding my drink.
-Well. you were probably
just in shock.
-Sure.
-Hey. come check this out.
It's pretty cool in here.
-[gulps]
-[Ramsey] What a night. huh?
-[Alexis] Mm-hmm.
-[Ramsey] Hm.
Sure is a beautiful night.
Look at that moon.
[ethereal music]
-[Alexis] Ramsey.
where are we going?
-I just thought we needed
to calm down a bit
after all that.
This place is beautiful here.
What could be mellower
than here. right?
-Why don't we call it a night?
Talk later.
-[Ramsey] I don't think so.
I'm Ramsay the Devil. baby.
[glass shatters]
Let's just get this awkward
first kiss over with. shall we?
Come on!
[rapid gunfire]
You can't hurt me!
This is your lucky night
with Ramsey the Devil. baby.
Every night's a lucky night
with me!
[dramatic whoosh]
[tense music]
[suit rustles]
[Ramsey cackling]
-You suspicious weirdo.
I suspected you might
be a blood-sucking fiend
and that was half
the reason I came out.
-Oh. yeah?
What's the other half?
-That doesn't matter now.
And I know they
don't serve absinthe
at that Italian restaurant.
[dramatical whoosh]
-Shut up.
I'm Ramsey the Devil.
I'm gonna eat you up.
little girl.
[Ramsey grunting]
[laughing]
-Really?
-[Alexis] Yeah!
[punch and elbow clatter]
[screams]
[Randall grunting]
[Alex grunts. choking]
[knife clanks]
[Randall grunts]
[Alexis screams]
-[body thuds]
-[Alexis groans]
[Alexis coughs]
[overlapping grunting]
-It's your lucky night. baby.
Oh yeah.
[licking]
[laughing]
[knife clanks]
[blood splattering]
[Ramsey gurgling]
-I'm Ramsey the Devil.
-Oh. this shit is solid silver.
See. I know what I'm doing.
I'm gonna send you
back to hell.
-I was never in hell.
-Right were you belong?
Oh.
Well. I hope you like
inviting innocent girls out
to dinner in hell.
Because that's where you'll
be eating the rest
of your hot meals.
-[Randall grunting]
-[blood splattering]
I guess that's it for you.
Dating is really
dangerous nowadays.
You never know
what you can get out there...
Ramsey the Devil.
-[Alexis strains]
-[blood splatters]
[knife clanking]
[dramatic music]
-I'm Ramsey the Devil.
[blood splattering]
[Alexis moans]
-Hmm.
[head thuds]
-[panting]
[Alexis groans]
[Alexis laughs]
Ah. Ah.
[dramatic whoosh]
[rapid gunfire]
[bullets ricocheting]
[dramatic whoosh]
[pants] Elizabeth!
That's you. isn't it?
-Yes. it's me.
-Why don't you come out
and fight?
-[Elizabeth]
Oh. it won't be a fight.
You destroyed my new friend
and I'm getting tired
of losing friends.
-[Alexis]
That was your friend?
That guy sucked!
[dramatic whoosh]
[intense music]
[phone beeping]
-Stupid intelligence officer.
What are you doing?
You're not even supposed
to be out tonight.
[panting]
[whistling]
-[Elizabeth] Bye-bye. sugar pie.
[bullets ricocheting]
[gunfire echoes]
-Oh. come on.
[suspenseful music]
[body thuds]
[Alexis grunts]
[groaning]
[suspenseful music]
-I've wasted a lot of time.
Now you're going to die.
-Get this thing off me.
-[chuckling]
-Come on.
No. No. no. no.
-You know you're lucky.
-[Alexis] Oh. yeah?
-Mm.
You're about to go to the
Kingdom of Paradise. right?
-I don't want to.
-While me...
I'll just linger here forever.
-You could pray for redemption.
-[Elizabeth chuckles]
-I could give you peace.
-Sshh.
See the stairway to heaven.
[wet crunch]
[groaning]
[blood splattering]
[Elizabeth gulping]
[phone beeping]
[body thuds]
-There you are.
-[growls]
-[gunfire]
-[Elizabeth grunts]
[rapid gunfire]
[dramatic whoosh]
[butterfly screeching]
-[exhales]
[panting]
[sobbing]
-You can't resist me.
Embrace me.
-I'm gonna mutilate you.
-[Cora VO] Alexis was dead.
and the long nights were back.
The old nights.
The broken nights.
the all or nothing nights.
the nights of blood and tears.
-Don't think about me.
happy thoughts.
[Alexis] Happy thoughts.
[Elizabeth strains]
[heels clatter]
[thuds and clatters]
[straining]
-What are we gonna do now?
Just open the bar
without Joan like normal?
-Calm down.
Things can't just stop.
-Maybe they should stop.
Just gonna go on
like nothing happened?
- Snap out of it.
You can't just leave me
here completely alone
for eternity with Chuck.
-[breathing deeply]
I know.
I'm just having a moment.
[sighs] There's only two
of us left. And Chuck.
What are we supposed to do?
-We can just turn one
or two more girls.
-We're not gonna be able
to replace Joan.
I have my date tonight
with the other hunter.
and she already shot me
with a silver bullet.
-Shot you?
I thought you killed the hunter.
-That was a different hunter.
-[Helena] Are you sure?
How many female hunters
can there be in this town?
-Well. there was at least two
because I just killed one
and then the one
I've been dating
just showed up out of nowhere
and shot me.
-[Cora VO] All the chips
were on the table.
It was time to roll the dice
under one last full moon.
I only needed one victory
to redeem myself
from a lifetime of defeats.
-Focus on subduing her
and turning her.
-[sighs] Just finish my makeup
and then I'll call her.
[laptop ringing]
[laptop beeps]
- I know you've been right here
in town all along.
Invite me out
to Club Silver Paradise
for our date.
like we planned.
-Meet me at the club.
It's as close to paradise
as you're ever gonna get.
- Thanks for reminding me.
I'll see you there.
[dramatic music]
[armor clatters]
[knife clanks]
What's wrong?
Don't you want to live forever
[echoes] forever. forever.
forever?
-[Cora VO] The devil was ready
for the violent goodbye.
No more hide and seek.
No more happy thoughts.
I had to get close
and make her bleed.
["A Girl Like You"
performed by Edwyn Collins]
♪ I've never known a girl
Like you before ♪
♪ Now. just like in a song
From days of yore ♪
♪ Here you come a-knocking.
Knocking on my door ♪
[party sounds]
♪ And I've never met a girl
Like you before ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
[magical whoosh]
[all groaning.
blood splattering]
[DJ disk screeches]
[all groaning. popping]
[lady gurgling]
[heads exploding. splatters]
[woman groans]
[head pops]
You killed everybody.
-I know.
This place is dead
and soon you will be too.
[rapid gunfire]
[Elizabeth cackling]
[breathing heavily]
[dramatic music]
Did I mention how hot you look
with those pistols?
[rapid gunfire]
[bottles shattering]
[bullets ricocheting]
[magical whoosh]
[exhales]
[necklace clanks]
[Elizabeth cackling]
[Elizabeth] You know I just lost
a friend too.
We'd been together
for hundreds of years.
-Go to hell.
-I'm already in it.
Gotta shoot me.
[rapid gunfire]
You're a pretty good shot.
but not good enough.
Now. it's my turn.
[exhales]
[gunshots]
[Cora grunts]
[Cora strains]
[overlapping punches]
[overlapping grunting]
-[flesh squelch]
-[Cora grunts]
[punch]
[Cora groans]
[Elizabeth growling softly]
[gentle music]
Eternity doesn't mean much
if you don't have someone
to share it with.
-Well.
what are you waiting for?
-You remind me of Joan.
-I'm not Joan!
Ah!
[intense music]
[Cora strains]
[Cora grunts]
-This can go one of two ways.
Cora.
I could just kill you.
and when you die.
it will be an endless sleep
where there's nothing.
Or I could turn you.
and we could be friends forever.
-Burn in hell!
[grunting]
-[body thuds]
-[Cora grunts]
[kick]
[Cora grunts]
[Cora straining]
[Cora panting]
-What do you really have
to live for anyway.
-Puppy dogs and ice cream.
[Cora choking]
I don't know.
-Do you want to have a drink
and talk about it?
-Guess I'm out of options.
-You're not.
-It's supposed to be
a date anyway.
[Cora groans]
[glass clanks]
[clanking]
-You're gonna go blank soon.
-[exhales]
[gulping]
[Cora sighs]
[blood dripping]
-I'm okay. you know?
That bitch in front
of you is damned.
I'm fine.
-What does it feel like?
-Well. it definitely feels
really good at first.
[knife clanks]
-[Elizabeth choking]
-[blood splattering]
-Feels good at first?
How about after this?
[blood splatters]
[Elizabeth gurgling. grunting]
How's this feel at first?
Now you're as close
to paradise as you'll ever be.
[necklace clanks]
[ethereal music]
-[blood splattering]
-[Chuck groaning]
[screaming]
[coffin cover creaks. thuds]
-[blood splattering]
-[Helena grunting]
[Helena hissing]
[Helena gasping]
[car rumbling]
[uplifting music]
[mellow saxophone melody]
[blood dripping]
[head sizzling]
[head thuds]
-Jesus. I thought you'd be
either dead or damned
by the time we got here.
-War is a game best played
with a grin.
-[laughs]
And you've done a noble job.
-I don't know what noble means.
You're late.
-Let's sweep the bar.
-There are no survivors.
-[Cora VO]
Wasn't I so passionate
about wanting
to kill Elizabeth Bathory
that I fell in love with her?
Maybe killing her was the only
happy thing I could think of.
[grunting]
[necklace clanks]
[groans]
[flesh sizzling]
Oh.
Oh. shit.
Did I drink the blood?
-You drank the blood.
[whispers] You drank the blood.
-[Cora] You're right.
I drank the blood.
drank the blood. the blood.
[grunts]
[flesh sizzling]
-[Cora VO] The memories
would remain shuffled
like an old deck of cards.
And the story untold like
a dream that was too sweet.
The cold forever night
was finally grinning
and touching my neck
with its salty breath.
I became the devil's concubine.
A servant...
of the Countess...
Elizabeth Bathory.
[panting]
[veins crackling]
- Hello.
-[Elizabeth] You look nice.
[overlapping chatter]
[Elizabeth]
I'm hungry and cold.
I want you to hug me
and take me out to dinner.
[overlapping chatter]
["Red Sun"
performed by Psychic Love]
♪ A violence dream ♪
♪ And restless sleep ♪
♪ You're a wicked one ♪
♪ And funeral smile ♪
♪ And if it's wrong ♪
♪ I'm gonna run ♪
♪ I'm gonna feel ♪
♪ Everything under ♪
♪ The red sun ♪
♪ A crystal grave ♪
♪ And close to strange ♪
♪ A pure new life ♪
♪ [indistinct] ♪
♪ Even if it's wrong ♪
♪ I'm gonna run ♪
♪ I'm gonna feel ♪
♪ Everything ♪
♪ Oh. my head
Is an empty house ♪
♪ They broke in.
They walk around ♪
♪ Begging on my staff
And putting me down ♪
♪ Putting me down ♪
♪ I don't mind [indistinct] ♪
♪ Hanging around.
Hanging around ♪
♪ Hanging around ♪
♪ ♪ ♪
♪ Even if it's wrong ♪
♪ I wanna run ♪
♪ Burn my head. empty house ♪
♪ You broke in ♪
♪ You're walking around
Beggin' a new start ♪
♪ Bringing me down ♪
♪ You're bringing me down ♪
♪ I don't mind [indistinct] ♪
♪ Hanging around.
Hanging around ♪
♪ Hanging around ♪
♪ Under ♪
♪ The red sun ♪
[gentle music]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm